== Config
Directory with three configuration files: configCSS.jspf, config.js, and config.jspf.
These files are used to set variables and other configuration values that allow
the theme to be copied and reconfigured quickly.

The config.css and config.js files typically split into two sections, a variable
configuration section and a section of code intended to overwrite or extend the
behavior of the base theme.

== CSS
Directory where the custom theme CSS files are located.

== Images
Directory where the custom theme image files are stored.

== JS
Directory where the custom theme javascript files are stored.

== JSP
Callbacks: JSP that render content for AJAX requests (not server side catalog pages).
Helpers*: JSP code used for helper functions (such as date manipulation or other Java heavy segments).
Includes*: Fragments used in the page JSPs (such as collections of header content).
 - Include an kineticInitialize.jspf
 - Include a themeInitialize.jspf
 - Include a models.jspf
Models*:
Page Fragments*: Reusable code fragments that are shared between pages (and potentially callbacks).
Pages: JSP pages representing service catalog pages.
 - Should include subdirectories (named the same as the jsp pages) for page pieces.

* Indicates directories that should only have jspf.

Directory where the custom theme JSP files are stored.  This directory typically
includes an 'includes' and a 'partials' subdirectory.  These JSP files can be
used to define a single location for header (IE javascript and css links)
information, reusable HTML blocks, or other pieces of display information that
are used throughout the full JSP pages.

The JSP partials should start and end with a "BEGIN" and "END" HTML comment (at
least for sample themes) to make picking them out easier.

== Resources
Directory used to store CSS, images, and javascript libraries that are not
customized as part of the theme.  This could include css templates (such as
company templates or the YUI reset CSS), image libraries, or javascript
libraries (such as YUI, jQuery, or others).